[Applause]
[Music]
welcome to storeflix in this video we
will explain the third part of squid
game
squid game is in netflix original series
about people who have all struggled
financially in life they were then
invited to play a mysterious survival
competition with deadly twists how
terrible is this bloody game let's find
out in squid game part 3
squid game part 3 starts after the
marbles game are over the committee
immediately evacuated the bodies of the
players who were eliminated from the
game location the participants who made
it through to the next round returned to
the big room and it turned out that mint
riom was there she was not eliminated
even though she did not participate in
the marbles game after the marbles game
was over the frontman returned to his
room he was then looking for any
intruders who had most likely entered
his room to dig up information about the
game he must hurry to find and get rid
of the intruder because important
investors will visit soon he then asked
all his men to stay alert and look for
the intruder until they found him the
next day the investors arrived at the
game location like the frontman and the
rest of the committee the vip guests
also wore masks to hide their identities
the frontman welcomed the investors who
represented the host the frontman is
tasked with providing the best service
because these vip investors are the ones
who invest their money as bets in the
game their visit this time was to watch
the game live junho who is still hiding
somewhere manages to knock out a
committee member and disguise himself as
a waiter to get close to the frontman
and the ip investors he also recorded
the situation in the investors room
secretly so that later it could be used
as evidence to arrest the syndicate of
this cruel game the fifth round of the
game began immediately the participants
are gathered in a room and asked to
choose a vest that reads the numbers 1
to 16 according to the remaining players
these numbers are sequence numbers that
will determine the fate of the players
in the next game the participants
scrambled to take the middle numbers
because they did not want to take the
risk of being the first and last
participants when it was gee hoon's turn
the remaining numbers were number one in
number 16. heehun has been determined to
choose number one but a participant who
hasn't got a number begs he whom to give
him number one because he is too afraid
to be the last participant he hoon
finally relented and gave number one to
the participant the participants were
directed to the game's location after
the selection of the serial number was
completed the game's location is above
the same height as the location of the
previous tug of war game in front of
them stretched a bridge made of glass
the players are required to cross the
glass bridge within 15 minutes according
to their order number the glass bridge
consists of two different types of glass
if the players choose the wrong glass
the glass will immediately break and
fall from a height after knowing the
game's rules the participants who chose
the beginning numbers seemed desperate
because if they made a wrong move the
players behind them could determine
which glass was correct and escape from
this game but being a player with the
last numbers is not a good choice either
they have to race against time the fifth
round of the game begins the players
began to venture over the glass bridge
one by one many players fail to choose
the correct glass and fall however time
goes on and the participants become
impatient if the player in front of them
takes too long to determine which glass
is the right glass finally the aksu was
in the leading position and none of the
other participants dared to tell him
dioxu then told all the players behind
him that he would stay where he was so
that no player escape in this game
hearing this and annoyed men ryan
immediately jumped to dioxu's place she
then hug dioxu and sacrificed herself by
dropping dioxu with her long story short
the remaining four players are still
surviving on the glass bridge while the
others have fallen and died the player
in the front turns out to be an employee
who works in a glass factory so we can
determine the type of glass that is safe
for footing heehun sengwu and sabjok who
were behind the contestants continued on
the glass bridge thanks to the workers
abilities the frontman who knows this
information then turns off all lighting
in the game arena to make it difficult
for players to choose the correct glass
time is running but the glass factory
worker has not moved from his place
because he is still unsure about his
choice sangwoo starts to lose his
temperature at being pressed by less
than a minute remaining he then pushed
the glass factory worker in front of him
at the last second the three remaining
players immediately ran to the end of
the bridge sang wu sabjoke and gee hoon
finally managed to arrive safely at the
end of the game after that the glass
bridge was destroyed the flying shards
of glass rained down on giehon and the
others who couldn't dodge and left their
bodies covered in scratches in the vip
room the investors who watched the game
seemed to enjoy and were satisfied with
the result they didn't care about the
other players who fell from a height and
died horribly juno who disguised himself
as a waiter looks like he's doing a
pretty good job one of the vip guests
even asked jun ho to sit nearby the vip
guest seemed interested in him and took
him to another room the vip guest orders
juno to sit down in the room while he
begins to undress junhoe gets angry and
points his gun at him he forces him to
reveal all the information related to
the game while recording the man's
confession as evidence after getting all
the information junho paralyzed the vip
guest and immediately ran away from the
game location using diving equipment the
frontman who knew about this then
mobilized several men to mon june though
using a boat not long after juno made it
to an island that was across from the
game location he grabbed his slightly
wet phone he tried to contact the police
inspector to send help and arrest the
syndicate of the cruel game he also sent
the evidence he had collected wall at
the game's location but his cell phone
can't pick up the phone's signal because
his position is on a remote island he
then took the initiative to climb to
higher ground to get a signal although
his efforts were fruitless shortly after
the frontman and his men arrived on the
same island they find june hose diving
equipment and decide to start a search
there it didn't take long for the
frontman to find june ho and corner him
when junhoe was on the edge of a cliff
the frontman approached him and took off
his mask how surprised jun ho is when he
finds out the figure behind the mask is
none other than his older brother who
has disappeared all this time
juno then asked his brother about the
reason for doing all these cruel acts
but then he was shot by his brother and
fell into the sea
returning to the game's location the
participants who made it through the
fifth round were given time to rest
before advancing to the next round
they are also welcome to change clothes
and eat dinner that the game organizers
have provided when changing her clothes
in the bathroom sabjoke looks very sick
and covered in blood it turned out that
one of the sharp shards of glass pierced
sabjo's stomach and she was bleeding
profusely in panic and frustration
sabyot hits the idea to cover the wound
and stop the bleeding she tore off her
uniform and wrapped the cloth around the
gaping wound in her stomach
he hooned sangwoo and sob goku finally
enjoyed a delicious dinner for the first
time since they joined the game hihunan
sang would devour their food to the brim
but sabjoke looks difficult to eat
because of the excruciating pain in her
stomach after the meal was over the
three participants were provided with a
small dagger as a weapon and to defend
themselves
hyun who is still angry with sangwoo for
his cruel actions intends to kill him he
even approached sabjoke to work together
so that they could win the game this
time
sabjoke who just sat after dinner didn't
respond much to because her condition
worsened sabdoop then tells kihun that
she has one wish if she loses here and
gihon comes out victorious she begs him
to save and take care of her brother who
is currently in an orphanage after
conveying her request sabjoke
immediately lay limp and dehun just
realized that her clothes were covered
in blood due to the heavy bleeding that
she was experiencing dehun immediately
ran to the door shouting to call the
committee for help not long after the
door opened and the organizers entered
the room carrying the coffin used to
transport the bodies of the dead players
it turns out that when gihon called the
committee sang-wu approached sabjok and
slit her throat he hoon rushed over and
hugged sabyok but she was already
lifeless in his arms he hoon gets angry
with sang woo and attacks him but with
an expressionless face sang-woo says
that he only wants to help sob yoke by
ending her suffering
the next day the two remaining players
heehum and sang wu face each other for
the final game he hoon and seng wu will
play their childhood game the squid game
the rules in the game are quite simple
an attacker must pass the guard in
advance to the finish line without
crossing the specified boundary line he
hoon gets the role of the attacker while
sang wu is the one who defends elsewhere
vip investors and the frontman watch the
game to determine the winner of the
billion one prize money he hoon and sang
wu are still equipped with the daggers
they used in the previous game they then
fight each other and attack using the
dagger in the pouring rain the two
childhood friends fight desperately to
survive until the end and win the game
on one occasion sang wu grabbed a dagger
and stabbed dihoon several times but gi
hoon manages to survive sangwoo's attack
and turn things around saying wu ends up
lying helpless after bihun paralyzes him
he even intends to kill his best friend
by stabbing sang woo to death with a
dagger stuck in his hand but he doesn't
have the heart to kill sang wu and
instead sticks the dagger next to him he
decides to let sang will live and walks
to the finish line but the rules of the
game forbid dihoon from doing so the
committee will still execute sang wu
because the man is considered to have
been eliminated from the game he hoon
then turned around and walked back to
sangwoo's place he intends to save his
best friend by asking sang wu to end the
game if both agree to man the game the
game will be stopped according to most
votes but sangwoo refuses gehun's
request and slits his own throat before
dying he begs gihon to help his mother
in heavy rain heehun bursts into tears
as he hugs his lifeless childhood friend
he hoon was immediately declared the
winner in the squid game and was
entitled to total prize money of 45.6
billion won after fighting life and
death for six days he hoon was finally
sent home even though he has become a
winner he still has to follow the rules
to maintain confidentiality about the
game's location although he is not
sedated the frontman still closes his
eyes and bonds his hands the frontman
then accompanied gihon in his limousine
and handed over an atm card but gihon
doesn't feel happy at all for his
victory because hundreds of people's
lives have been lost to get the money
including the lives of his best friend
he unfeels the deepest sadness and grief
as the only person who survived he can't
even face sangwoo's mother when they
cross paths on the street it was too
painful for him to remember san woo who
begged him in the seconds before his
death but suffering does not seem to
want to let gehun off the hook arriving
at home he has to face an even harsher
reality he finds his mother dead he hoon
who was unable to hold back the pain
after the pain that came repeatedly was
finally only able to scream it out in
the void as he hugged his beloved
mother's body one year has passed and
even still can't get over his pain one
night he hoon sitting by the river was
approached by a flower seller the woman
gave a rose to him which contained the
same card as the one he got before but
this time behind the card was not a
phone number but an address that gi hoon
had to go to without thinking he rushed
to the address arriving there he hun is
surprised by the presence of a very
unexpected person ilnam is lying weakly
on the bed his body was fitted with
medical devices to support his survival
which may not be long heehun thought
ilnam had been dead since the marbles
game but it turns out that the committee
did not execute him because he was the
host in the game as well as the boss of
the frontman ilnam revealed that he was
not happy even though he was rich the
old man then got the idea to create a
playground where he could play and have
fun with other friends like when he was
a kid the idea was welcomed by other
rich people who later joined in building
the game arena and everything suddenly
hyun becomes very angry at ilnam because
he and the investors had the heart to
sacrifice hundreds of lives just to get
their pleasure but illnam emphasized
that from the beginning yeehuman and all
the participants who participated in the
game were not forced to join the game he
and the others were given two choices
and chose to return to the game anyway
everything is the choice of the
participants themselves illness
expressed his sincere gratitude to gihon
who always took care of him and became a
playmate who made him feel very happy in
the last moments of his life after
revealing everything yet yehun he
finally breathed his last in peace
after jihun left the frontman approached
ilnam's body and gently closed his eyes
after meeting ill-named gihon begins to
rise from adversity and start a new life
he changes his hairstyle and dyes his
hair he then picks up sabjok's brother
at the orphanage and leaves the boy to
sangui's mother before leaving he gave
them a suitcase full of money to keep
his promise to sang wu in sapyog after
taking care of and paying off everything
he hoon intends to follow his daughter
to the united states however he hoon
accidentally sees a mysterious man who
had met him at the train station playing
a game of deadache with a potential
victim heehun immediately ran towards
the man's place but when he got there
the mysterious man had already fled he
then took the card from the potential
victim and called the number listed
there which the frontman answered he
hoon then tells frontman that he will
find the game's location and avenge all
their cruel deeds at any cost he also
does not go after his daughter and is
determined to destroy the cruel game
syndicate the squid game part 3 ends no
matter how difficult the problem is and
how painful the suffering is never lose
your identity as a human being who has a
conscience because it distinguishes
humans from other creatures
[Music]
you